experimental investigation of the aerodynamics of a...
simple shear flow past a flat plate in an incompressible fluid of small...
the boundary layer in simple shear flow past a flat plate ....
approximate solutions of the incompressible laminar...
one-dimensional transient heat conduction into a double-layer...
one-dimensional transient heat flow in a multilayer...
the effect of controlled three-dimensional roughness...
measurements of the effect of two-dimensional and three-dimensional...
transition studies and skin friction measurements on...
the theory of the impact tube at low pressure ....
similar solutions in compressible laminar free mixing...
some structural and aerelastic considerations of high...
similarity laws for stressing heated wings ....
piston theory - a new aerodynamic tool for the...
on two-dimensional panel flutter ....
transformation of the compressible turbulent boundary...
remarks on the eddy viscosity in compressible mixing flows ....
the flow field in the diffuser of a radial compressor ....
an investigation of the pressure distribution on conical bodies in...
generalised-newtonian theory ....
on heat transfer in slip flow ....
on slip-flow heat transfer to a flat plate ....
skin-friction and heat transfer characteristics of...
theory of stagnation point heat transfer in dissociated...
inviscid hypersonic flow over blunt-nosed slender bodies ....
inviscid leading-edge effect in hypersonic flow ....
newtonian flow theory for slender bodies ....
a note on the explosion solution of sedov with application...
a simple model study of transient temperature and thermal...
photo-thermoelastic investigation of transient thermal...
thermal buckling of supersonic wing panels ....
the dynamic motion of a missile descending through...
the prospects for magneto-aerodynamics ....
constant-temperature magneto-gasdynamic channel flow ....
stagnation point of a blunt body in hypersonic flow ....
supersonic flow around blunt bodies ....
a new technique for investigating heat transfer and...
on the prediction of mixed subsonic/supersonic pressure...
on the flow of a sonic stream past an airfoil surface ....
experiments on boundary layer transition at...
on transition experiments at moderate supersonic speeds ....
the gyroscopic effect of a rigid rotating propeller...
the relation between wall temperature and the effect...
tip-bluntness effects on cone pressures at m=6.85 ....
an investigation of separated flows, part ii: flow...
some comments on the inversion of certain large matrices ....
analysis of low-aspect-ratio aircraft structures ....
supersonic flow at the surface of a circular cone at...
temperature and velocity profiles in the compressible...
investigation of laminar boundary layer in compressible...
theory of aircraft structural models subjected to aerodynamic...
procedure for calculating flutter at high supersonic...
transition reynolds numbers of separated flows at...
method for calculation of compressible laminar boundary...
separation, stability and other properties of compressible...
an analysis of the applicability of the hypersonic...
applicability of the hypersonic similarity rule to...
pressure measurements on sharp and blunt 5 and 15 half-angle...
tables of exact laminar-boundary layer solutions when...
estimation forces and moments due to rolling for several...
on flow of electrically conducting fluids over a flat...
similar solutions for the compressible laminar boundary...
hypersonic viscous flow over slender cones ....
unsteady oblique interaction of a shock wave with plane...
convection of a pattern of vorticity through a shock...
some effects of joint conductivity on the temperature...
dynamic stability of vehicles traversing ascending...
some aspects of air-helium simulation and hypersonic...
predicted shock envelopes about two types of vehicles...
a study of flow changes associated with airfoil section...
laminar boundary layer behind shock advancing into...
boundary layer behind shock or thin expansion wave...
investigation of the stability of the laminar boundary...
an experimental study of the turbulen coundary layer...
studies of structural failure due to acoustic loading ....
flight measurement of wall pressure fluctuations and...
a comparative analysis of the performance of long range...
an analytical treatment of aircraft propeller precession...
effects of extreme surface cooling on boundary layer...
effect of distributed three-dimensional roughness and...
compressible laminar flow and heat transfer about a...
theoretical investigation of the ablation of a glass-type...
discussion of solar proton events and manned space...
experimental investigation of the downstream influence...
on trails of axisymmetric hypersonic blunt bodies flying...
inviscid-incompressible flow theory of static peripheral...
free-convection magnetohydrodynamic flow past a porous flat plate ....
magnetohydrodynamic free-convection pipe flow ....
an investigation of separated flows, part i: the pressure...
periodic temperature distributions in a two-layer composite...
periodic temperature distribution in a two-layer composite slab ....
the analysis of redundant structures by the use of...
the supersonic blunt body problem - review and extensions ....
the transverse curvature effect in compressible axially...
temperature distribution and thermal stresses in a...
review of published data on the effect of roughness on transition from...
a mixing theory for the interaction between dissipative...
heat transfer by laminar flow to a rotating plate ....
the fundamentals of the statistical theory of turbulence ....
vibration isolation of aircraft power plants ....
laminar heat transfer over blunt-nosed bodies at hypersonic flight...
advantages and limitations of models ....
theory of mixing and chemical reaction in the opposed...
similar solutions of a free convection boundary layer...
the asymptotic boundary layer on a circular cylinder...
the transverse potential flow past a body of revolution ....
on the mixing of two parallel streams ....
properties of the confluent hypergeometric function ....
the production of uniform shear flow in a wind tunnel ....
dynamics of a dissociating gas ....
the laminar boundary layer equation: a method of solution...
steady motion of conducting fluids in pipes under transverse...
acoustical signal detection in turbulent airflow ....
response of plates to a decaying and convecting randon...
on turbulent lubrication ....
the elliptic cylinder in a shear flow with hyperbolic...
the motion of a viscous liquid past a paraboloid ....
the transonic flow of a compressible fluid through...
conduction of fluctuating heat flow in a wall consisting...
measurement of convective heat transfer by means of...
a theory for base pressures in transonic and supersonic...
a simplified approximate method for the calculation of the pressure...
the downstream influence of mass transfer at the nose...
a summary of the supersonic pressure drag of bodies...
measurements of skin friction of the compressible turbulent...
an investigation of two-dimensional supersonic base...
supersonic axially symmetric nozzles ....
effects of free stream vorticity on the behaviour of...
an investigation of the noise produced by a subsonic air jet ....
the behaviour of non-linear systems ....
two-dimensional jet mixing of a compressible fluid ....
viscosity effects in sound waves of finite amplitude:...
some effects of surface curvature on laminar boundary...
note on an interaction between the boundary layer and the inviscid...
the calculation of wall shearing stress from heat-transfer measurements...
recent developments in rocket nozzle configurations ....
the generation of sound by aerodynamic means ....
wakes in axial compressors ....
viscous effects on pitot tubes at low speeds ....
the determination of turbulent skin friction by means...
free-flight techniques for high speed aerodynamic research ....
the problem of aerodynamic heating ....
interplanetary orbits ....
heat flow in composite slabs ....
skin friction in the laminar boundary layer in compressible...
supersonic flow past slender bodies with discontinuous...
supersonic flow past slender pointed wings with ?similar?...
on displacement thickness ....
expansions at small reynolds number for the flow past...
integration of the boundary layer equations ....
the generation of noise by isotropic turbulence ....
on the flow of compressible fluid past an obstacle ....
on the steady motion of viscous, incompressible fluids,...
velocity and temperature distributions in the turbulent...
on the solution of the laminar boundary layer equations ....
the effect of shallow water on wave resistance ....
the hodographic transformation in transonic flow ....
temperature charts for induction and constant temperature...
numerical methods for transient heat flow ....
approximate analytical solutions for hypersonic flow...
supersonic flow past a family of blunt symmetric bodies ....
nearly circular transfer trajectories for descending...
an analysis of the corridor and guidance requirements...
an approximate analytical method for studying entry...
skin-friction measurements in incompressible flow ....
flow of chemically reacting gas mixtures ....
linearized flow of a dissociating gas ....
heat conduction through a gas with one inert internal...
on the sudden contact between a hot gas and a cold solid ....
the interaction of a reflected shock wave with the...
a low density wind tunnel study of shock wave structure...
some aerodynamic considerations of nozzle afterbody...
the effect of a central jet on the base pressure of...
investigation at supersonic speeds of the effects of...
experiments with static tubes in a supersonic airstream ....
base pressure at subsonic speeds in the presence of...
the mixing of free axially-symmetrical jets of mach number 1.40 ....
on full dispersed shock waves in carbon dioxide ....
an analysis of base pressure at supersonic speeds and...
boundary layer over a flat plate in presence of shear...
some problems on heat conduction in stratiform bodies ....
effect of roughness on transition in supersonic flow ....
properties of impact pressure probes in free molecule...
scale models for thermo-aeroelastic research ....
some possibilities of using gas mixtures other than in...
base pressure in supersonic flow ....
investigation of separated flows in supersonic and subsonic...
an analysis of base pressure at supersonic velocities and...
experimental investigation of base pressure on blunt-trailing-edge...
on magnetohydrodynamic shock waves ....
a theory for the core of a leading edge vortex ....
on the hypersonic viscous flow past slender bodies...
a study of inviscid flow about air foils at high supersonic...
general theory of airfoil sections having arbitrary...
correlation of theoretical and photo-thermoelastic...
pressure distributions . axially symmetric bodies in...
pressure distributions on three bodies of revolution...
investigation of a systematic group of naca 1 - series...
measurement of two dimensional derivatives on a wing-aileron-tab...
calculation of derivatives for a cropped delta wing...
supersonic flow past oscillating airfoils including...
aircraft flutter ....
calculated velocity distributions and force derivatives...
a study of the application of airfoil section data...
a correlation of airfoil section data with the aerodynamic...
the applications of the polygon method to the calculation...
laminar boundary layer oscillations and transition...
the hall effect in the viscous flow of ionized gas...
boundary layer induced noise in the interior of aircraft ....
propeller in yaw ....
effect of slight blunting of leading edge of an immersed...
theory and tunnel tests of rotor blade for supersonic...
the performance of supersonic turbine nozzles ....
on the testing of supersonic compressor cascades ....
the test performance of highly loaded turbine stages...
the supersonic axial flow compressor ....
flow pattern in a converging-diverging nozzle ....
intensity, scale and spectra of turbulence in mixing...
on the strength distribution of noise sources along...
a general purpose analogue correlator for the analysis of...
a theoretical study of annular supersonic nozzles ....
the flow over delta wings at low speeds with leading...
a note on the theory of the stanton tube ....
quasi-cylindrical surfaces with prescribed loadings...
elliptic cones alone and with wings at supersonic speeds ....
aerofoil theory of a flat delta wing at supersonic...
a technique for improving the predictions of linearised...
navier-stokes solutions at large distances from a finite body ....
interference between the wings and tail surfaces of...
interference between the wings and tail plane of a...
practical calculation of second-order supersonic flow...
accuracy of approximate methods for predicting pressure...
the theoretical wave drag of some bodies of revolution ....
a second order shock-expansion method applicable to...
on the minimisation and numerical evaluation of wave...
criteria for thermodynamic equilibrium in gas flow ....
a compressor routine test code ....
on a determination of the pitot-static tube factor...
design and calibration at low speeds of a static tube...
a theoretical analysis of heat transfer in regions of separated flow ....
laminar mixing of a non-uniform stream with a fluid...
an approximate theory of base pressure in two dimensional...
investigation with an interferometer of the turbulent...
an improved smoke generator for use in the visualisation...
the ground effect on the jet flap in two dimensions ....
the design of minimum drag tip fins . with an appendix...
the calculation of the pressure distribution on thick...
the application of lighthill formula for numerical...
formulae for the computation of the functions employed...
pressure distributions at zero lift for delta wings...
a collection of longitudinal stability derivatives...
an investigation of interference effects on similar models of...
on the ground level disturbance from large aircraft...
boundary layers with suction and injection . a review...
an approximate solution of the turbulent boundary layer...
an experimental study of the glancing interaction between...
on turbulen flow between parallel plates ....
the effect of turbulence on slider bearing lubrication ....
second order theory for unsteady supersonic flow...
a critical review of skin friction and heat transfer...
experiments on axi-symmetric boundary layers along...
the formation of a blast wave by a very intense explosion ....
cylindrical shock waves produced by instantaneous energy...
asymptotic solution of the two dimensional oscillating...
some instabilities arising from the interaction between...
exact solution of the neumann problem . calculation...
steady and transient free convection of an electrically...
several magnetohydrodynamic free-convection solutions ....
on a laminar free-convection flow and heat transfer...
on combined free and forced convection laminar magnetohydrodynamic...
an experimental test of compressibility transformation...
oscillatory aerodynamic coefficients for a unified supersonic...
flow past slender blunt bodies - a review and extension ....
analysis of quartz and teflon shields for a particular...
the effect of lift on entry corridor depth and guidance...
reaction tests of turbine nozzles for supersonic velocities ....
study of flow conditions and deflection angle at exit...
on source and vortex distributions in the linearised...
supersonic drag calculations for a cylindrical shell...
the surface oil flow technique as used in high speed...
higher order approximations for relaxation oscillations ....
jet effects on base pressure of conical afterbodies...
laminar heat transfer around blunt bodies in dissociated...
the divergence of supersonic wings including chordwise...
on the flutter of panels at high mach numbers ....
effect of roll on dynamic instability of symmetric...
some theoretical low-speed loading characteristics...
the rolling up of the trailing vortex sheet and its...
a theoretical study of the aerodynamics of slender...
dynamic stability of a missile in rolling flight ....
sweepback effects in the turbulent boundary-layer shock-wave...
rapid laminar boundary layer calculations by piece-wise...
recent studies on the effect of cooling on boundary...
an investigation of laminar transitional and turbulent...
a note on transitional heat transfer under hypersonic conditions ....
notes on waves through gases at pressures small compared...
compressibility effects in magneto-aerodynamic flows...
incompressible wedge flows of an electrically conducting...
magnetohydrodynamic flow past a semi-infinite plate ....
on a particular class of similar solutions of the equations...
approximate design of sharp-cornered supersonic nozzles ....
approximations for the thermodynamic and transport properties of high...
effect of variable heat recombination on stagnation...
first-order approach to a strong interaction problem...
hypersonic strong viscous interaction on a flat plate...
second approximation to laminar compressible boundary...
an approximate solution of hypersonic laminar boundary...
on the hypersonic viscous flow past a flat plate with...
on the motion of a flat plate at high speed in a viscous...
hypersonic viscous flow over a flat plate ....
a method for predicting the onset of buffeting and other separation...
chordwise pressure distributions over several naca...
on alternative forms for the basic equations of transonic...
simplified method for determination of the critical...
scale effects at high subsonic and transonic speeds...
the occurrence and development of boundary layer separations at high...
non-equilibrium flow of an ideal dissociating gas ....
inviscid hypersonic flow past blunt bodies ....
propagation of weak disturbances in a gas subject to...
comment on improved numerical solution of the blasius problem with...
improved numerical solution of the blasius problem with three-point...
on the numerical solution of the blasius problem with three-point...
vorticity interaction at an axisymmetric stagnation...
vorticity effect on the stagnation point flow of a viscous...
heat transfer to constant property laminar boundary...
forst-order slip effects on the compressible laminar...
on local flat plate similarity in the hypersonic boundary...
the boundary layer near the stagnation point in hypersonic...
various aerodynamic characteristics in hypersonic rarefied...
taylor instability of finite surface waves ....
effects of surface tension and viscosity on taylor...
similitude of hypersonic real-gas flows over slender...
boundary-layer interaction on a yawed infinite wing in hypersonic...
influence of the leading-edge shock wave on the laminar boundary layer...
the interaction between boundary layer and shock waves in transonic...
simplified laminar boundary layer calculations for...
boundary layer transition with gas injection ....
mass transfer cooling at mach number 4. 8....
experimental evaluation of heat transfer with transpiration...
analysis of effects of diffusion of a foreign gas into...
the analytical design of an axially symmetric laval...
effect of diffusion fields on the laminar boundary...
transpiration cooling experiments in a turbulent boundary...
some experimental techniques in mass transfer cooling ....
the interaction of shock waves with boundary layer...
measurements of turbulent friction on a smooth flat plate in supersonic ....
boundary layer measurements in hypersonic flow ....
turbulent boundary layer in compressible fluids ....
numerical solution of the boundary layer equations...
laminar jet mixing of two compressible fluids with heat release ....
thermal distributions in jeffrey-hamel flows between nonparallel plane...
on heat transfer over a sweat-cooled surface in laminar...
the effect of helium injection at an axially symmetric stagnation...
laminar heat-transfer and pressure measurements over blunt-nosed...
the injection of air into the dissociated hypersonic laminar boundary...
on optimum nose curves for missiles in the super-aerodynamic...
optimum nose shapes for missiles in the super-aerodynamic...
on the model of the free shock separation, turbulent...
note on the hypersonic similarity law for an unyawed...
lift on inclined bodies of revolution in hypersonic flow ....
the flow of a viscous liquid past a flat plate at small...
three-dimensional effect of flutter in a real fluid ....
an alternative formulation of the problem of flutter...
a method for analysing the insulating properties of...
the homogeneous boundary layer at an axisymmetric stagnation...
helium injection into the boundary layer at an axisymmetric...
control system and analysis and design via the second method of...
some problems of polar missile control ....
an approximate solution of the supersonic blunt body...
theoretical pressure distribution on a hemisphere-cylinder...
note on tip-bluntness effects in the supersonic and...
an experimental investigation of flow about simple...
the generalized expansion method and its application...
an investigation of optimum zoom climb techniques ....
steady flow in the laminar boundary layer of a gas ....
transformation between compressible and incompressible...
a turbulent analog of the stewartson-illingworth transformation ....
engineering relations for friction and heat transfer to surfaces in high...
reverse flow and variational theorems for lifting surfaces...
effect of quasi-steady air forces on incompressible...
the axisymmetric boundary layer on a long thin cylinder ....
a note on the laminar boundary layer on a circular cylinder in...
integration of the boundary layer equations for a plane in compressible...
application of second-order shock-expansion theory...
on a generalised porous-wall ?couette type? flow ....
a generalised porous-wall ?couette type? flow ....
heat transfer for laminar flow in an annulus with porous...
the pressure gradient induced by shear flow past a...
simple shear flow past a flat plate in a compressible...
some panel-flutter studies using piston theory ....
flutter of rectangular simply supported panels at high...
natural frequencies of rectangular plates with edges...
the shear flow along a flat plate with uniform suction ....
the viscous flow near a stagnation point when the external flow has...
new methods in heat flow analysis with application...
variational and lagrangian thermodynamics of thermal...
a sublayer for fluid injection into the incompressible...
heat transfer in turbulent shear flow ....
conduction of heat in composite slabs ....
buckling stress of clamped rectangular plates in shear ....
inviscid hypersonic airflows with coupled non-equilibrium...
magnetohydrodynamics shocks ....
magnetohydrodynamic shock waves ....
two dimensional transonic flow past airfoils ....
tables of thermal properties of gases ....
on the behaviour of boundary layers at supersonic speeds ....
stationary convection flow of an electrically conducting...
on convective motion of a conducting fluid between...
on the base pressure resulting from the interaction of a supersonic...
the supersonic flow about a blunt body of revolution...
data on shape and location of detached shock waves...
critical combinations of shear and transverse direct...
turbulent skin friction at high mach numbers and reynolds...
the problem of resistance in compressible fluids ....
the aerodynamic design of section shapes for swept wings ....
methods of boundary-layer control for postponing and alleviating...
on the stability of two dimensional parallel flows ....
transition form laminar to turbulent shear flow ....
the design of intermediate vertical stiffeners on web...
an experimental study of the flow field about swept and delta wings...
analytic study of induced pressure on long bodies of...
bending of a square plate with two adjacent edges free...
an experimental investigation of the flow over blunt-nosed...
cantilever plate with concentrated edge load ....
the solution of elastic plate problems by electrical analogies ....
preliminary analysis of axial flow compressors having...
flow of gas through turbine lattices ....
the quasi-cylinder of specified thickness and shell...
a description of the r. a. e.  high speed supersonic...
calibration of the flow in the mach 4 working section...
free-flight measurements of the zero-lift drag and...
theoretical damping in roll and rolling moment due...
application of two dimensional vortex theory to the...
contributions of the wing panels to the forces and...
application of similar solutions to calculations of...
heat transfer in planetary atmospheres at super-satellite speeds ....
hypervelocity stagnation point heat transfer ....
stagnation point heat transfer measurements at super...
a factor affecting transonic leading edge flow separation ....
compilation of information on the transonic attachment...
evaluation of high angle-of-attack aerodynamic derivative...
some effects of variations in several parameters including...
calculated and measured pressure distributions over the midspan section...
an approach to the flutter problem in real fluids ....
on the application of mathieu functions in the theory...
wake of a satellite traversing the ionosphere ....
motion of thin bodies in a highly rarefied plasma ....
induction drag on a large negatively charged satellite...
interaction of a charged satellite with the ionosphere ....
some physical interpretations of magnetohydrodynamic duct flows ....
liapunov's methods in automatic control theory ....
symmetric joukowsky airfoils in shear flow ....
the influence of two-dimensional stream shear on airfoil maximum lift ....
several approximate analyses of the bending of a rectangular...
modified cross-lees mixing theory for supersonic separated...
a study of flow fields about some typical blunt-nosed...
on laminar boundary-layer flow near a position of separation ....
a new series for calculation of steady laminar boundary...
on the solution of the laminar boundary layer equations ....
correlated incompressible and compressible boundary...
approximate methods fore predicting separation properties...
photo-thermoelasticity ....
physical properties of plastics for photo-thermoelastic...
flow studies on flat plate delta wings at supersonic...
slender delta wings with sharp edges at zero lift ....
development of the vapour screen method of flow...
thin airfoil theory based on approximate solution of the transonic flow...
a refinement of the linearised transonic flow theory ....
linearised transonic flow about slender bodies at zero...
some notes for the small disturbance linear theory...
...
waves in supersonic flow ....
freeman method ....
laminar mixing of a compressible fluid ....
the velocity distribution in the laminar boundary layer...
the blasius equation with three-point boundary conditions ....
laminar boundary layers at the interface of co-current...
tabulation of the blasius function with blowing and...
on an equation occurring in falkner and skan's approximate...
adiabatic wall temperature due to mass transfer cooling with a...
mass transfer cooling of a laminary boundary layer...
a re-examination of the use of the simple concepts...
stagnation point shock detachment distance for flow...
the influence of two-dimensional stream shear for airfoil...
linear heat flow in a composite slab ....
similarity laws for aerothermoelastic testing ....
theory for supersonic two-dimensional, laminar, base-type...
a reaction-rate parameter for gasdynamics of a chemically...
on calculation of the laminar separation point and...
normal-shock relations in magnetohydrodynamics ....
on the close relationship between turbulent plane-couette...
prediction of ogive-forebody pressures at angles of attack ....
real-gas laminar boundary layer skin friction and heat...
axisymmetric viscous flow plast very slender bodies...
on similar solutions for strong blast waves and their...
a theory of transonic aileron buzz, neglecting viscous...
theoretical and experimental investigation of thermal...
calculation of potential flow about bodies of revolution...
a closed-form solution for the oscillations of a vehicle...
joule heating in magnetohydrodynamic free-convection...
stagnation-point shock detachment of blunt bodies in...
on squire's test of the compressibility transformation ....
theoretical prediction of the transonic characteristics...
stability of compressible boundary layers induced by...
transition measurements on cones in free flight ballistics...
a note on havelock's shallow-water wave-resistance...
energy equation approximations in fluid mechanics ....
a correlation of nose-bluntness induced pressures on...
a graphical approximation for temperatures and sublimation rates at...
manoeuvring technique for changing the plane of circular...
tunnel tests on a double cascade to determine the interaction...
quasi-cylindrical surfaces with prescribed thickness...
pressure measurements at supersonic speeds on three...
pressure distributions and flow patterns on some conical...
self sustained oscillations of a system with non-linear...
free-flight measurements of the dynamic longitudinal...
reaction-resisted shock fronts ....
heat conduction through a polyatomic gas ....
base pressure at supersonic speeds in the presence...
wing-tail interference as a cause of 'magnus' effects...
a note on application of transonic linearization to...
laminar, transitional and turbulent heat transfer to...
approximate determination of position of the sonic...
stagnation point heat transfer in partially ionized...
on hypersonic viscous flow over an insulated flat plate...
leading edge attachment in transonic flow with laminar...
note on the three-point boundary layer problem for...
first-order slip effects on the laminar boundary layer over a slender...
some effects of injection of foreign gases in a decelerating...
an aerodynamic analysis for flutter in oseen-type viscous...
the flow about a moving body in the upper ionosphere ....
pitch-yaw stability of a missile oscillating in roll...
stagnation-point shock-detachment distance for flow...
consideration of energy separation for laminar slip...
shroud design for simulating hypersonic flow over the nose of a...
transition in the viscous wakes of blunt bodies at...
stagnation point viscous hypersonic flow ....
the conpressibility transformation and the turbulent...
local heat transfer to a yawed, infite, circular cylinder...
use of local similarity concepts in hypersonic viscous...
similitude of hypersonic flows over slender bodies...
biot's variational principle in heat conduction ....
the stacking of compressor stage characteristics to...
a theoretical and experimental study of oscillating wedge shaped...
calculation of sideslip derivatives and pressure distribution...
measurements of aerodynamic heating on a 15 cone of...
boundary layer characteristics of caret wings ....
the contraction of satellite orbits under the influence...
experimental study of the velocity and temperature...
laminar heat transfer in tubes under slip-flow conditions ....
analysis of a loaded cantilever plate by finite difference...
chemical kinetics of high temperature air ....
ablation of glassy materials around blunt bodies of...
generalized heat transfer formulas and graphs ....
closing reply to comments on generalized heat transfer...
numerical comparison between exact and approximate...
a numerical comparison between exact and approximate...
experimental measurements of turbulent transition motion,...
heat transfer at the forward stagnation point of blunt...
a theoretical study of the effect of upstream...
a geometric problem related to the optimum distribution...
concerning the effect of compressibility on laminar...
the law of the wake in the turbulent boundary layer ....
local heat transfer and recovery temperature on a yawed...
similar solutions for the compressible boundary layer...
investigation of local heat transfer and pressure drag...
aerodynamic characteristics of a circular cylinder...
shock wave effects on the laminar skin friction of...
an experimental investigation of leading edge shock wave boundary layer...
on the boundary layer equations in hypersonic flow...
heat transfer to flat plate in high temperature rarefied...
boundary layer displacement and leading edge bluntness effects in high...
viscous hypersonic similitude ....
inviscid flow with nonequilibrium molecular dissociation for pressure...
atomic recombination in a hypersonic wind tunnel nozzle ....
viscous and inviscid stagnation flow in a dissociated hypervelocity free...
on hypersonic similitude ....
dissociation scaling for nonequilibrium blunt nose flows ....
further developments of new methods in heat flow analysis ....
new thermo-mechanical reciprocity relations with application...
approximate formulas for thermal-stress analysis ....
the melting of finite slabs ....
influence coefficients for real gases ....
conduction of heat in a solid with a power law of heat...
nonlinear heat transfer problem ....
an approximate treatment of unsteady heat conduction...
variational analysis of ablation ....
compressor operation with one or more blade rows stalled ....
some stall and surge phenomena in axial flow compressors ....
effects of stage characteristics and matching on axial flow compressor...
an approximate equation for the /choke line/ of a compressor ....
design of axial compressors ....
theoretical considerations of flutter at high mach...
wind tunnel techniques for the measurements of oscillatory...
the equilibrium piston technique for gun tunnel operation ....
the properties of crossed flexure pivots, and the influence of the...
measurements of pitching moment derivatives for blunt-nose aerofoils...
new test techniques for a hypervelocity wind tunnel ....
aerodynamic forces, moments and stability derivatives...
the calculation of lateral stability derivatives of...
calculation of the flow past slender delta wings with...
the 7 x 7 in . hypersonic wind tunnel at rae farnborough,...
the 7 in. x 7 in. hypersonic wind tunnel at r.a.e. farnborough...
the 7 in. x 7 in. hypersonic wind tunnel at r.a.e., farnborough...
pressure measurements on a cone-cylinder-flare configuration at small...
formulae and approximations for aerodynamic heating rates in high speed...
duct flow in magnetohydrodynamics ....
aerodynamic noise in supersonic wind tunnels ....
on three dimensional bodies of delta planform which...
corner interference effects ....
an approximate solution of the compressible laminar...
pressure distributions and flow patterns at m=4 . on...
the contraction of satellite orbits under the influence of air drag...
the contraction of satellite orbits under the influence of air drag ....
the contraction of satellite orbits under the influence of air drag ....
determination of upper-atmosphere air density and scale height from...
determination of upper-atmosphere air density profile from satellite...
orbit decay and prediction of the motion of artificial satellites ....
density of the upper atmosphere from analysis of satellite orbits .....
earth satellite observations and the upper atmosphere ....
latitude and diurnal variations of air densities from 190 to 280 km....
scale height in the upper atmosphere, derived from changes in satellite...
on the coupling between heat and mass transfer ....
cruise performance of channel-flow ground effect machines ....
viscous and inviscid nonequilibrium gas flows ....
some features of supersonic and hypersonic flow about...
flutter analysis of circular panels ....
thermal effects on a transpiration cooled hemisphere ....
second-order effects in laminar boundary layers ....
stagnation region in rarefied high mach number flow ....
low speed wind tunnel tests on a two dimensional aerofoil...
calculated lift distributions in incompressible flow...
an extension of the method of generalised conical flows...
effects of leading edge bluntness on flutter characteristics...
heat transfer and pressure distributions on a hemisphere-cylinder and a...
pressure distribution induced on a flat plate at a free-stream...
an integral equation relating the general time-dependent lift and...
longitudinal aerodynamic characteristics at low subsonic...
analytical study of the tumbling motions of vehicles...
the design of structures to resist jet noise fatigue ....
reduction of the clamped plate to two membrane problems...
the buckling strength of a uniform circular cylinder...
an investigation of wing-aileron flutter using ground...
a study of the cantilever square plate subjected to...
thermodynamic coupling in boundary layers ....
thermal diffusion effects on energy transfer in a turbulent...
bending of a uniformly loaded rectangular plate with...
the approximate analysis of certain boundary value...
the hovercraft - a new concept in maritime transport ....
some design problems of hovercraft ....
heat transfer to separated and reattached subsonic...
pressure distribution on two dimensional wings near...
transient magnetohydrodynamic duct flow ....
on the propagation and structure of the blast wave ....
effects of boundary layer displacement and leading edge bluntness on...
departure from dissociation equilibrium in a hypersonic nozzle ....
interferometric studies of supersonic flows about truncated...
review of panel flutter and effects of aerodynamic noise...
nonuniform shear flow past cylinders ....
the fundamental solution for small steady three dimensional...
summary of laminar boundary layer solutions for...
theoretical and experimental investigation of...
viscous flow along a flat plate moving at high speeds ....
the boundary layer on a flat plate in a stream with...
on the theory of hypersonic gas flow with a power law...
blunt body heat transfer at hypersonic speed and low reynolds numbers ....
hypersonic shock layer theory of the stagnation region at low reynolds...
measurements of stagnation point heat transfer at low...
subsonic potential flow past a sphere inside a cylindrical duct ....
on blunt-body heat transfer at hypersonic speed and low reynolds...
pressure and boundary-layer measurements on a two dimensional wing at...
tunnel interference effects ....
investigation of full scale split trailing edge wing...
the shapes and lift-dependent drags on some sweptback...
pressure distribution and surface flow on 5( and 9( thick wings with...
a simple method for calculating the span and chordwise loading on...
methods for calculating the lift distribution of wings /subsonic...
the effect of end plates on swept wings ....
low speed tests on 45 sweptback wings ....
generalized conical flow fields in supersonic wing theory ....
integrals and integral equations in linearized wing theory ....
the lift of twisted and cambered wings in supersonic flow ....
the use of conical camber to produce flow attachment at the leading...
tables of complete elliptic integrals ....
aerodynamic effects of some configuration variables...
flutter tests of some simple models at a mach number...
oscillating airfoils at high mach number ....
tables of aerodynamic coefficients obtained from developed newtonian...
investigation of the laminar aerodynamics heat transfer...
investigaion of the flow over a spiked-nose hemisphere...
calculation procedure for thermodynamic transport, and flow properties...
investigation of the jet effects on a flat surface downstream of the...
investigation of jet effects on a flat surface downstream of the exit of...
pressure distribution induced on a flat plate by a supersonic and sonic...
some experiments relating to the problem of simulation of hot jet...
pressure loads produced on a flat-plate wing by rocket jets exhausting...
effects on adjacent surfaces from the firing of rocket jets ....
the unsteady lift of a wing of finite aspect ratio ....
approximate indical lift functions for several wings of finite span in...
two and three-dimensional unsteady lift problems in high speed flight ....
numerical determination of indical lift of a two-dimensional sinking...
numerical determination of indical lift and moment functions for a two...
general airfoil theory ....
a systematic kernel function procedure for determining aerodynamic...
on the kernel function of the integral equation relating the lift and...
on som reciprocal relations in the theory of nonstationary flows ....
thermal analysis of stagnation regions with emphasis on heat-sustaining...
aerodynamic characteristics of two winged reentry vehicles at supersonic...
static longitudinal aerodynamic characteristics at transonic speeds and...
the smallest height of roughness capable of affecting boundary-layer...
an investigation at subsonic speeds of aerodynamic characteristics at...
low-speed longitudinal aerodynamic characteristics associated with a...
static longitudinal stability characteristics of a blunted glider...
blockage corrections for three-dimensional flow closed...
motion of a ballistic missile angularly misaligned...
study of the oscillatory motion of manned vehicles...
motions of a short 10degree blunted cone entering a martian atmosphere...
means and examples of aeronautical research in france at onera ....
tumbling bodies entering the atmosphere ....
a note on the use of sandwich structures in severe acoustic...
near noise field of a jet engine exhaust ....
random excitation of a tailplane section by jet noise ....
on the fatigue failure of structures due to vibrations excited...
structural acoustic proof testing ....
the response of a typical aircraft structure to jet...
on structural fatigue under random loading ....
a study of the acoustic fatigue characteristics of...
free vibrations of continuous skin stringer panels ....
stresses in continuous skin stiffener panels under random loading ....
on the bending of a clamped plate ....
upper and lower bounds for the solution of the first...
on the analogues relating flexure and extension of...
the bending of a sectorial plate ....
the bending of uniformly loaded clamped plate in the...
the bending of uniformly loaded sectorial plates with...
the bending of a wedge shaped plate ....
on the analysis of elastic plates of variable thickness ....
finding zero's of arbitrary functions ....
the buckling of thin cylindrical shells under axial...
the behaviour of a cylindrical shell under axial compression...
the behaviour of thin cylindrical shells after buckling...
post-buckling behaviour of axially compressed circular...
new developments in the nonlinear theories of the buckling of thin...
lower buckling load in the non-linear buckling theory...
an automatic method for finding the greatest or least...
aeroelastic problems in connection with high speed...
bodt freedom flutter of ground launched rocket models...
subsonic aerodynamic flutter derivatives for wings and control surfaces,...
the aerodynamic effects of aspect ratio and sweepback...
transonic flow in two dimensional and axially symmetrical...
a note on the use of end plates to prevent three dimensional...
slender not-so-thin wing theory ....
development of a quasi-steady approach to flutter and...
heat transfer through laminar boundary layers on...
oscillatory derivative measurements on sting-mounted...
further comments on the inversion of large structural matrices ....
an investigation of the flow about a plane half-wing...
the lower bound of attainable sonic-boom over-pressure...
stability investigation of a blunted cone and a blunted...
inelastic buckling of initially imperfect cylindrical...
buckling of sandwich under normal pressure ....
allowable axial loads and bending moments for inelastic structures...
effects of internal pressure on the buckling of circular-cylindrical...
breathing vibrations of a circular shell with an internal...
clamped short oval cylindrical shells under hydrostatic...
experimental investigation at mach number of 3. 0 of...
mathematical techniques applying to the thermal fatigue behaviour...
formulae for use with the fatigue load meter in the...
local circumferential buckling of thin circular cylindrical...
the flow of a compressible fluid past a sphere ....
on the flow of a compressible fluid past a sphere ....
an experimental study of jet-flap compressor blades ....
q . app . math . 7, 1950, 381 . experiments on porous-wall...
general characteristics of the flow through nozzles...
studies on two dimensional flows of compressible fluid....
force measurements on square and dodecagonal sectional...
a technique for rendering approximate solutions to...
an integral related to the radiation integrals ....
calculation and compilation of the unsteady lift functions for a rigid...
the transonic characteristics of 38 cambered rectangular...
use of subsonic kernel function in an influence-coefficient method of...
calculated subsonic span loads and resulting stability derivatives of...
a method for calculating the subsonic steady-state loading on an...
heat transfer through the laminar boundary layer on...
the flow of fluid along cylinders ....
the skin friction on infinite cylinders moving parallell to their length ....
rayleigh's problem for a cylinder of arbitrary shape ....
an approximate boundary layer theory for semi-infinite cylinders of...
a further note on the calculation of heat transfer...
a wind-tunnel test technique for measuring the dynamic rotary...
measurements at mach numbers up to 2. 8 of the longitudinal...
some low speed problems of high speed aircraft ....
the flow pattern on a tapered sweptback wing at mach numbers between 0.6...
experiments with a tapered swept-back wing of warren 12 planform at mach...
the operation of the npl 18in x 14in. wind tunnel in the transonic speed...
an investigation at transonic speeds of the performance of various...
a study of the effect of leading-edge modifications on the flow over...
interaction between shock waves and boundary layers, with a note on the...
some effects of wind-tunnel interference observed in tests on...
wall interference at transonic speeds on a hemisphere cylinder model ....
experimental study of the equivalence of transonic...
the behaviour of supersonic flow past a body of revolution...
the shock pattern of a wing-body combination far from...
a flight test investigation of the sonic boom ....
ground measurements of the shock wave noise from airplanes...
ground measurements of airplane shock wave noise at...
ground measurements of the shock wave noise from...
an investigation of some aspects of the sonic boom...
an investigation of the influence of lift on sonic-boom...
the shock wave noise problem of supersonic aircraft...
an investigation of lifting effects on the intensity...
investigation of two bluff shapes in axial free flight...
the motion of rolling symmetrical missiles referred...
stability derivatives of cones at supersonic speeds ....
investigation of several blunt bodies to determine...
experimental investigation at a mach number of 3. 11...
loading paths and the incremental stress law ....
a quantitative comparison of flow and deformation theories...
stresses in the plastic range around a normally loaded...
theories of plastic buckling ....
inelastic column theory ....
effects of imperfections on buckling of thin cylinders...
plastic torsional buckling strength of cylinders including...
on the concept of stability of inelastic systems ....
inelastic instability and incremental theories of plasticity ....
small bending and stretching of sandwich type shells ....
a nonlinear theory of bending and buckling of thin...
stresses and small displacements of shallow spherical...
stability of thin-walled tubes under torsion ....
nonlinear deflections of shallow spherical shells ....
buckling of shallow shells under external pressure ....
accelerating convergence of iteration processes ....
a simple method of matric structural analysis, part...
limit design for economical missile structures ....
the problem of strain accumulation under thermal cycling ....
analytical and experimental investigation of stress distributions in...
inelastic behaviour of structures subjected to cyclic...
bending and compression tests of pressurised ring-stiffened...
the bending stability of thin-- walled unstiffened...
analysis of partly wrinkled membrane ....
on the bending of circular cylindrical shells under...
an improvement on donnell's approximation for thin-walled...
a simplified method of elastic stability analysis for...
flexural vibrations of the walls of thin cylindrical...
the flexural vibrations of thin cylinders ....
on the vibration of thin cylindrical shells under internal...
experimental study of the vibrations of a circular...
the effect of an internal compressible fluid column...
a theory of imperfection for the vibrations of elastic bodies of...
remarks on donnell's equations ....
energy expressions and differential equations for stress...
stress and displacement analysis of simply supported...
the accuracy of donnell's equations ....
boundary-value problems of the thin-walled circular...
simplified formulas for boundary value problems of...
some experimental studies of panel flutter at mach...
experimental studies of flutter of buckled rectangular...
experimental investigation at mach numbers 3. 0 of...
flutter of aerodynamically heated aluminium-alloy and...
test of an aerodynamically heated multi-- web wing...
charts adapted from van driest's turbulent flat-plate...
the phenomenon of change in buckle pattern in elastic...
loads and deformations of buckled rectangular plates ....
status of flutter of flat and curved panels ....
a study of the thermal fatigue behaviour of metals ....
regularities in creep and hot fatigue data ....
low frequency fatigue of nimonic 90 . low frequency...
design and operation of the n. g. t. e.  thermal shock...
the calculation of transient temperature in turbine...
effect of rheological behaviour on thermal stresses ....
steady-state creep through dislocation climb ....
fundamentals of boundary layer heat transfer with streamwise...
lagrangian thermodynamics of heat transfer in systems...
the use of models for the determination of critical flutter speeds ....
models for aeroelastic investigation ....
on flutter testing in high speed wind tunnels ....
the influence of aerodynamic heating on the flexural...
experimental model techniques and equipment for flutter...
flutter model testing at transonic speeds ....
the design and testing of supersonic flutter models ....
cumulative damage in fatigue ....
the variation of gust frequency with gust velocity...
correlated fatigue data for aircraft structural joints ....
the estimation of fatigue damage on structural elements ....
buckling of thin cylindrical shells under hoop stresses...
thermal buckling of clamped cylindrical shells ....
buckling due to thermal stress of cylindrical shells...
combinations of temperature and axial compression required...
a simplified method of elastic stability analysis for...
comments on 'thermal buckling of clamped cylindrical shells' ....
buckling of a finite length cylindrical shell under...
research on unsteady flow ....
a new design of pitot-static tube with a discussion...
flutter of a two dimensional simply supported buckled...
the airforces on the low aspect ratio rectangular wing...
the calculation of loads on a supersonic weapon in...
some results on buckling and postbuckling of cylindrical...
a survey of buckling theory and experiment for circular...
aerodynamic effects on boundary layer unsteadiness ....
some measurements in the vortex flow generated by a...
long slender delta wings with leading edge separation ....
some current and proposed investigations into the flow...
two dimensional transonic unsteady flow with shock...
calibration of the standard pitot-static head used...
comparative tests of pitot-static tubes ....
review of the pitot tube ....
cavitation and pressure distribution...
random vibration ....
the effect of jet noise on aircraft structures ....
natural frequencies of continuous beams of uniform...
experimental study of the random vibrations of an aircraft...
the axisymmetric free-convection temperature field...
vibrations of beams on many supports ....
transtability flutter of supersonic aircraft panels ....
a buckled plate in a supersonic stream ....
the flow around oscillating low aspect ratio wings at transonic...
a method of calculating the short period longitudinal...
on the low aspect ratio oscillating rectangular wing...
theoretical studies of unsteady transonic flow . part iii . the...
supersonic flow over an inclined wing of zero aspect ratio ....
slender-body theory-review and extension ....
supersonic flow past slender bodies of revolution,...
methods for estimating lift interference of wing-body...
a method for calculating the lift and centre of pressure...
factors affecting loads at hypersonic speeds ....
post buckling behaviour of circular cylinderical shells...
investigation of normal force distributions and wake...
a new theory for the buckling of thin cylinders under...
stability of the cylindrical shell of variable curvature ....
general theory of large deflections of thin shells...
stability equations for conical shells ....
buckling of circular cones under axial compression ....
the characteristics of roughness from insects as observed...
stability of cylindrical and conical shells of circular...
buckling of thin single- and multi-layer conical and cylindrical...
a donnell-type theory for asymmetrical bending and...
on the buckling of truncated conical shells in torsion ....
calculations for the stability of thin conical frustums...
some explicit solutions for constant-temp . magnetogas...
of a turbulent free shear layer ....
viscous compressible and incompressible flow in slender...
secondary gas injection in a conical rocket nozzle ....
compressible free shear layer with finite initial thickness ....
one dimensional heat conduction through the skin of...
method for design of pump impellers using a high speed...
exploratory investigation of the effect of a forward...
static aerodynamic characteristics of a short blunt...
panel flutter tests on full scale x-15 lower vertical...
charts for equilibrium flow properties of air in...
comparison of theoretical and experimental creep buckling...
a unified theory of creep buckling under normal loads ....
study of creep collapse of a long circular cylindrical...
vibrations of infinitely long cylindrical shells under...
analysis of stress at several junctions in pressurized...
the membrane approach to bending instability of pressureized...
elastic stability of simply supported corrugated core...
axisymmetric snap buckling of conical shells ....
air scooping vehicle ....
heat transfer in separated flows ....
investigation of free turbulent mixing ....
compressible two dimensional jet mixing at constant...
contributions to the theory of heat transfer through...
a variational principle for convection of heat ....
on the theory of discharge coefficients for round entrance flowmeters...
analytic determination of discharge coefficients of flow nozzles ....
on fully developed channel flows,. some solutions and limitations, and...
a study of laminar compressible viscous pipe flow accelerated by an...
rocket propulsion systems for interplanetary flight ....
on the use of side-jets as control devices ....
loads induced on a flat plate wing by an air jet exhausting...
surface pressure distributions with a sonic jet normal to adjacent flat...
aerodynamic interaction effects ahead of a sonic jet exhausting...
interaction effects produced by jet exhausting laterally near base of...
approximate analysis of thrust vector control by fluid injection ....
one dimensional flows of an imperfect diatomic gas ....
turbulent diffusion in the wake of a blunt nosed body...
concerning some solutions of the boundary layer equations...
temperature profiles inafinite solid with moving boundary ....
correlation of base pressure and wake structure of...
a method of computing the transient temperature of thick walls from...
solutions to the heat-conduction equation with time dependent boundary...
the temperature history in a thick skin subjected to laminar heating...
addendum to 'heat transfer to satellite vehicles re-entering the...
method of analysis for compressible flow through mixed-flow centrifugal...
a rapid approximate method for the design of hub shroud profiles of...
design and test of mixed-flow impellers, viii - comparison of...
a general theory of three dimensional flow in subsonic and supersonic...
nonviscous flow through a pump impeller on a blade-to-blade surface of...
incompressible nonviscous blade-to-blade flow through a pump rotor with...
a rapid approximate method for determining velocity distribution on...
wing-flow study of pressure drag reduction at transonic speed by...
the effects of a small jet of air exhausting from the nose of a body...
 the extent of the jet interference flow fields ....
investigation of a retrocket exhausting from the nose of a blunt body...
...
extension of boundary layer separation criteria to...
experimental and theoretical studies of axisymmetric free jets ....
equations, tables and charts for compressible flow ....
static aerodynamic characteristics of short blunt cones...
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic...
wind tunnel investigation of the static and dynamic stability...
preliminary investigations of spiked bodies at hypersonic speeds ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
free-flight measurements of the static and dynamic ....
principles of creep buckling weight-strength analysis...
principles of creep buckling weight-strength analysis ....
principles of creep buckling weight-strength analysis ....
principles of creep buckling weight-strength analysis ....
principles of creep buckling weight-strength analysis ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
on the conservativeness of various distributed force systems ....
the design of tubes under uniform external pressure on the...
note on creep buckling of columns ....
note on creep buckling of columns ....
on transverse vibrations of thin, shallow elastic shells ....
on transverse vibrations of thin, shallow elastic shells ....
on transverse vibrations of thin, shallow elastic shells ....
on transverse vibrations of thin, shallow elastic shells ....
on transverse vibrations of thin, shallow elastic shells ....
analysis of stresses in the elements of shell structure ....
on transverse vibrations of thin, shallow elastic shells ....
on transverse vibrations of thin, shallow elastic shells ....
on the theory of thin elastic shells ....
the bending strength of pressurized cylinders ....
the bending strength of pressurized cylinders ....
the bending strength of pressurized cylinders ....
a small deflection theory for curved sandwich plates ....
elastic constants for corrugated core sandwich plates ....
compressive buckling of simply supported curved plates...
the stability of thin-walled unstiffened circular cylinders...
recent advances in the buckling of thin shells ....
spherical cap snapping ....
iterative solutions for the non-linear bending of circular...
non-linear bending and buckling of circular plates ....
axisymmetric large deflections of circular plates subjected...
the uniform section disk spring ....
the conical disk spring ....
the nonlinear conical spring ....
buckled states of circular plates ....
turbulent mixing of a rocket exhaust jet with a supersonic stream...
an experimental and theoretical investigation of second-order...
on obtaining solutions to the navier-stokes equations...
propeller slipstream effects as determined from wing...
a free-flight investigation of ablation of a blunt...
wind tunnel measurements of aerodynamic damping derivatives...
plastic stability theory of geometrically orthotropic...
instability analysis of cylindrical shells under hydrostatic...
design and testing of honeycomb sandwich cylinders...
buckling of orthotropic and stiffened conical shells ....
stability of thin torispherical shells under uniform...
ignition and combustion in a laminar mixing zone ....
a practical method for numerical evaluation of solutions...
theoretical and experimental investigation of second-order supersonic...
an experimental and theoretical investigation of second-order supersonic...
an approximate method for determining the displacement effects and...
a method of solution with tabulated results for the attached oblique...
the steady flow of a viscous fluid past a circular cylinder at reynolds...
finite difference formulae for the square lattices ....
viscous flow round a sphere at low reynolds numbers . /l40/ ....
numerical solution of the navier-stokes equations for the flow around a...
the flow past pitot tube at low reynolds numbers, part 1-dash the...
an investigation of fluid flow in two dimensions ....
the flow past circular cylinders at low speeds ....
note on the convergence of numerical solutions of the navier-stokes...
a note on the numerical solution of fourth order differential...
convergence rates of iterative treatments of partial differential...
iterative methods for solving partial difference equations of elliptic...
aerodynamic characteristics of propeller-driven vtol...
pressure distribution and force measurements on a vtol...
data from a static thrust investigation of a large...
wing-nacelle-propeller interference for wings of various...
induced interference effects on jet and buried-fan...
investigation of the effects of ground proximity and...
investigation of effectiveness of large-chord slotted...
qualitative measurements of the effective heats of...
experimental ablation cooling ....
an experimental investigation of ablating material...
a theoretical study of stagnation point ablation ....
an analytical investigation of ablation ....
a sensor for obtaining ablation rates ....
a five-stage solid fuel sounding rocket system ....
pressures, densities and temperatures in the upper atmosphere ....
aerodynamic heating of blunt nose shapes at mach numbers up to 14 ....
numerical solutions for supersonic flow of an ideal...
free-flight observation of a separated turbulent flow...
the flow field over blunted flat plates and its effect...
a study of second-order supersonic flow theory ....
unsteady laminar compressible boundary layers on an...
on supersonic flow past a slightly yawing cone ....
some research on high speed flutter ....
unsteady aerodynamic forces on a slender body of revolution...
an electronic apparatus for automatic recording of...
steady and fluctuating pressures at transonic speeds...
measurements of aerodynamic forces for various mean...
general instability of stiffened cylinders ....
stability of orthotropic cylindrical shells under combined...
elastic stability of orthotropic shells ....
plastic stability theory of thin shells ....
a unified theory of plastic buckling of columns and...
compressive and torsional buckling of thin-wall cylinders...
on the role of initial imperfections in plastic buckling...
an extension of donnell's equation for a circular cylindrical shell ....
design of missile bodies for minimum drag at very high...
collapse by instability of thin cylindrical shells...
an engineer's conceptual approach to the buckling of...
the buckling of sandwich type panels ....
face wrinkling and core strength in sandwich construction ....
general instability of a ring stiffened circular cylindrical...
handbook of structural stability . pt .vi . strength...
the effect of axial constraint on the instability of...
general instability of ring stiffened cylindrical shells...
a simple extension of southwell's method for determining the elastic...
torispherical shells - a caution to designers ....
limit analysis of symmetrically loaded thin shells...
design of thin walled torispherical and toriconical...
on the theory of thin elastic toroidal shells ....
asymptotic solutions of toroidal shell problems ....
the effect of entrance velocity on the flow of a rarefied...
shock-standoff distance for spherical bodies at high...
the wake behind an oscillating vehicle ....
effect of wall divergence on sonic flows in solid wall...
a one-foot hypervelocity shock tunnel in which high-enthalpy...
slipstream flow around several tilt-wing vtol aircraft models...
buckling of core-stabilized cylinders under axisymmetric external...
thermal buckling of cylinders ....
heat transfer to bodies traveling at high speed in the upper...
knudsen flow through a circular capillary ....
similar temperature boundary layers ....
preliminary results of density measurements from an air force satellite....
experiments on supersonic blunt-body flows ....
on periodically oscillating wakes in the oseen approximation ....
a study of the simulation of flow with free stream mach number 1 in a...
on the influence of wall boundary layers in closed transonic test...
some experimental investigations on the influence of wall boundary...
experimental investigation of attenuation of strong...
hypersonic shock tunnel ....
the tailored-interface hypersonic shock tunnel ....
experimental investigation of the effect of yaw on...
recent advances in gaseous detonation ....
stagnation point heat transfer measurements in dissociated...
force-test investigation of the stability and control...
force-test investigation of the stability and control...
effect of ground proximity on the aerodynamic characteristics...
an investigation of the effect of downwash from a vtol...
an investigation to determine conditions under which...
an experimental study of the effect of downwash from...
damage incurred on a tilt-wing multipropeller vtol/stol...
hangling qualities experience with several vtol research...
structural loads surveys on two tilt-wing vtol configurations ....
the stability under axial compression and lateral pressure...
elastic stability of circular cylindrical shells stabilized...
the buckling of cylindrical shells under longitudinally varying loads ....
general theory of buckling ....
stresses from local loadings in cylindrical pressure...
bending tests of ring-stiffened circular cylinders ....
effects of rapid heating on strength of airframe components ....
buckling of ring-stiffened cylinders under a pure bending...
a theory of asymmetric hypersonic blunt-body flows ....
approximate analysis of the slot injection of a gas...
steady magnetohydrodynamic flow past a non-conducting...
an approximate solution for laminar boundary layer flow ....
laminar hypersonic trail in the expansion-conduction...
three dimensional effects in viscous wakes ....
an integral method for calculating heat and mass transfer...
lift of slender delta wings according to newtonian...
shock-induced boundary layer separation in overexpanded conical exhaust...
factors affecting lift-drag ratios at mach numbers...
nonequilibrium flow past a wedge ....
flow of a gas near a solid surface ....
heat transfer to a hemisphere-cylinder at low reynolds...
an integral method for calculation of supersonic laminar...
some exact solutions for cavitating curvilinear bodies ....
magnetohydrodynamic flow past a thin airfoil ....
experiments with two-dimensional, transversely impinging jets ....
growth of the turbulent wake behind a supersonic sphere ....
unsteady aerodynamic forces on slender supersonic aircraft...
the blunt-leading-edge problem in hypersonic flow ....
theoretical investigations of a supersonic laminar...
hypersonic viscous flow over a sweat-cooled flat plate ....
a study of slender shapes of minimum drag using the...
uniformly valid second-order solution for supersonic...
the propagation of a nonuniform magnetohydrodynamic...
experimental effect of bluntness and gas rarefaction...
effects of cooling on boundary layer transition on...
magnetohydrodynamic mach cones ....
supersonic airfoil performance with small heat addition ....
a linearized analysis of the forces exerted on a rigid...
aerodynamic processes in the downwash-impingement problem ....
on slender airfoil theory for nonequilibrium flow ....
boundary layer transition at supersonic...
effect of uniformly distributed roughness on turbulent...
heat transfer to slender cones in hypersonic flow,...
the drag of elongated bodies over a wide reynolds number...
the effect of slip particularly for highly cooled walls ....
pressure distribution in regions of step-induced turbulent...
application of inequality constraints to variational...
experimental lift and drag of a series of glide configurations...
determination of lift or drag programs to minimize...
boundary layer transition in the presence of streamwise...
steady flow of conducting fluids in channels under...
axisymmetric magnetohydrodynamic channel flow ....
inviscid-incompressible-flow theory of static two-dimensional...
on the plk method and the supersonic blunt-body problem ....
the effect of adverse pressure gradients on the characteristics of...
heat transfer in the laminar boundary layer with ablation...
pressure-gradient effects on the preston tube in supersonic...
leading-edge separation of laminar boundary layers...
the effect of sweep angle on hypersonic flow over blunt...
hypersonic nozzle expansion of air with atom recombination...
hypersonic flow over an elliptic cone: theory and experiment ....
the curtain jet ....
supersonic shear flow past an airfoil between two parallel...
direct calculation of pressure distribution on blunt...
a theory of the two dimensional laminar bounary layer...
the stagnation point boundary layer in the presence...
foreign-gas injection into a compressible turbulent...
the newtonian approximation in magnetic hypersonic...
body under lifting wing ....
nonsimilar solutions of the compressible laminar boundary...
the turbulent boundary layer on chemically active ablating...
some considerations on the laminar stability of time-dependent basic...
supersonic boom of wing-body configurations ....
on the aerodynamic noise of a turbulent jet ....
some aspects of nonequilibrium flows ....
solution of subsonic nonplanar lifting surface problems...
the supersonic boom of a projectile related to drag...
an analytic extension of the shock-expansion method ....
plasma flow over a thin charged conductor ....
high-speed viscous corner flow ....
viscous flow past a quarter infinite plate ....
on the approach to chemical and vibrational equilibrium...
hypersonic viscous flow near the stagnation point in...
combustion in the boundary layer on a porous surface ....
the flow about a charged body moving in the lower atmosphere ....
fluctuating lift and drag acting on a cylinder in a...
an optical boundary-layer probe ....
heat transfer, recovery factor and pressure distributions...
second-order theory for unsteady supersonic flow past...
on the response of the laminar boundary layer to small...
a method of calculating velocity distribution for turbulent...
an extension of the linearized characteristics method...
turbulent heat transfer through a highly cooled, partially...
boundary layer transition and heat transfer in shock...
on the thrust hypothesis for the jet flap including...
minimum wing wave drag with volume constraint ....
on supersonic flow past thick airfoils ....
stable combustion of a high-velocity gas in a heated...
a study of supersonic combustion ....
supersonic inlet dynamics ....
theory of supersonic propeller aerodynamics ....
oscillatory aerodynamic coefficients for a unified...
magnetohydrodynamic effects on the formation of couette,...
real gas effects in flow over blunt bodies at hypersonic speeds ....
flow about an unsteadily rotating disc ....
a three-dimensional linearized analysis of the forces...
a study of vortex cancellation ....
transition in a separated laminar boundary layer ....
sublimation in a hypersonic environment ....
wings with minimum drag due to lift in supersonic flow ....
turbulent heat transfer on blunt-nosed bodies in two-dimensional...
compressible flat-plate boundary-layer flow with an...
on shearing flow between porous coaxial cylinders ....
the transition to tubulence in a boundary layer on...
experiments at hypersonic speeds on circular cones...
equilibrium real-gas performance charts for a shypersonic...
progress report on an experiment on the effect of surface...
analysis of the fluid mechanics of secondary injection...
numerical technique to lifting surface theory for calculation...
measured and calculated subsonic and transonic flutter...
atmosphere entries with spacecraft lift-drag ratios...
effect of jet pluming on the static stability of cone-cylinder-flare...
design of stiffened cylinders in axial compression ....
non-linear shallow shell analysis by the matrix force...
recent advances in nonequilibrium dissociating gasdynamics ....
non-equilibrium expansions of air with coupled chemical...
ionization nonequilibrium in expanding flows ....
theory of radiation from luminous shock waves in nitrogen ....
hypersonic viscous shock layer ....
some effects of bluntness on boundary layer transition...
compressible boundary layers on bodies of revolution ....
the development of the boundary layer in supersonic...
air pressure on a cone moving at high speeds ....
newtonian flow over a surface ....
a proposed programme of wind tunnel tests at hypersonic...
experiments on circular cones at yaw in supersonic...
laminar heat-transfer and pressure measurements at...
a guide to the use of the m. i. t.  cone tables ....
hypersonic flows past a yawed circular cone and other...
survey of inviscid hypersonic flow theory for geometrically...
some simple solutions to the problem of predicting...
tabulated solutions of the equilibrium gas properties...
on the flow in a reflected shock tunnel ....
production of high temperature gases in shock tubes ....
performance estimates for the rae 6in . high-pressure...
temperature measurements of shock-waves by spectrum-line reversal, ii a...
shock-tube testing time ....
stagnation temperature measurements in a hypersonic gun tunnel using the...
real gas effects in flow over blunt bodies at hypersonic speeds ....
divergence of plate airfoils of low aspect ratio at...
effects of a flexible boundary on hydrodynamic stability ....
qualitiative solutions of the stability equation for a boundary layer in...
an investigation of the use of an auxiliary slot to...
the effect on transition of isolated surface excrescences...
experiments on the use of suction through perforated...
interaction of secondary injectants and rocket exhaust...
on the propagation and structure of the blast wave ....
the production of aerodynamic forces by heat addition...
some aspects of non-stationary airfoil theory and its...
on some fourier transforms in the theory of non-stationary...
calculated responses of a large sweptwing airplane...
calculated spanwise lift distributions, influence functions...
aerodynamic forces on wings in non-uniform motion ....
calculated spanwise lift distributions and aerodynamic...
use of freon-12 as a fluid for aerodynamic testing ....
studies of the use of freon-12 as a wind tunnel testing...
study of effects of sweep on the flutter of cantilever...
investigation to determine effects of center of gravity location on the...
calculation of flutter characteristics for finite-span swept or unswept...
method of controlling stiffness properties of a solid-construction...
investigation of wing flutter at transonic speeds for six systematically...
the calculation of aerodynamic loading on surfaces of any shape ....
formulas for the supersonic loading, lift and drag...
atmospheric entries with vehicle lift-drag ratio modulated...
the use of aerodynamic lift during entry into the earth's...
modulated entry ....
approximate analysis of atmospheric entry corridors...
radiative heat transfer during atmosphere entry at...
effects of simulated rocket jet exhaust on stability...
effects of jet billowing on stability of missile-type...
exploratory tests of the effects of jet plumes on the...
aerodynamic investigation of a parabolic body of revolution...
investigation of a two-step nozzle in the langley 11in ....
investigation of the flow through a single stage two...
boundary layer displacement effects in air at mach...
secondary flow fields embedded in hypersonic shock...
compressive buckling of simply supplorted plates with...
compressive buckling of simply supported plates with...
compression tests on circular cylinders stiffened longitudinally...
simplified analysis of general instability of stiffened...
large deflections of structures subjected to heating...
non-linear analysis of heated, cambered wings by the matrix force...
a characteristic type of instability in the large deflections...
an experimental investigation of the interaction between shock waves and...
approximate calculation of the laminar boundary layer ....
the compressible laminar boundary layer with heat transfer...
a theoretical investigation of the effects of mach number, reynolds...
three dimensional viscous wakes ....
steady motion of a sphere., oseen's criticism and solution ....
some remarks on the flat plate boundary layer ....
axisymmetric free mixing with swirl ....
on axially symmetric, turbulent, compressible mixing in the presence...
nose drag in free-molecule flow and its minimization ....
theoretical analysis of turbulent mixing of reactive...
an approximate solution for the axisymmetric jet of a laminar...
some applications in physics of the p-function ....
theoretical investigation of the flow field about blunt...
blunt-cone pressure distributions at hypersonic mach numbers ....
hypersonic flight and the re-entry problem ....
the problem of obtaining high lift-drag ratios at supersonic speeds ....
effect of mach number on boundary layer transition...
the solution of the equations of the laminar boundary...
on the theory of laminar boundary layer involving separation ....
a theoretical calculation of the laminar boundary layer...
air flow in a separating laminar boundary layer ....
analysis and calculation by integral methods of laminar...
the buckling of a square panel under shear, when one...
a process for the step-by-step integration of differential...
numerical construction of detached shock waves ....
on the numerical calculation of detached bow shock...
shock wave and flow field development in hypersonic re-entry ....
the solution of small displacement, stability or vibration...
heat transfer near the forward stagnation point of...
stagnation point heat transfer measurements in hypersonic...
low density stagnation point heat transfer measurements...
shear buckling of clamped and simply-supported infinitely...
critical shear stress of an infinitely long simply...
stability of rectangular plates under shear and bending...
buckling of transverse stiffened plates under shear ....
the buckling shear stress of simply-supported infinitely...
